Add CVE page (#3659)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/cve.md

---
title: Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures
weight: 102
---

This is a list of reported Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) across all repositories in the [OpenTelemetry organisation on GitHub](https://github.com/open-telemetry/). The raw data is stored in
the [open-telemetry/sig-security](https://github.com/open-telemetry/sig-security) repository, and it
is refreshed daily.

  <table id="cve-table">
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>CVE ID</th>
        <th>Issue Summary</th>
        <th>Severity</th>
        <th>Repository</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
    </tbody>

>   </table>

Reviewer: Nit: unindent the HTML.

---
title: Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures
weight: 102
---

> This is a list of reported CVEs across all repositories in the OpenTelemetry org
> on GitHub. The raw data is stored in
> [this GitHub repository](https://github.com/open-telemetry/sig-security), and it
> is refreshed daily.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a list of reported Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) across all repositories in the [OpenTelemetry organisation on GitHub](https://github.com/open-telemetry/). The raw data is stored in
the [open-telemetry/sig-security](https://github.com/open-telemetry/sig-security) repository, and it
is refreshed daily.
```

  <table id="cve-table">
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>CVE ID</th>
        <th>Issue Summary</th>
        <th>Severity</th>
        <th>Repository</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
    </tbody>
  </table>

> <script id="main-script">

Reviewer 2: I guess, the purpose of this script is to make sure that the most up-to-date data is always live on the website? 

There is an alternative way: hugo supports the ability to read from JSON files (https://gohugo.io/functions/data/getjson/), so we could replace the javascript with a template function and the reload with a re-build of the website triggered on a new CVE being published? The **advantage** would be that we don't need javascript, which feels a little bit more accessible and also makes it easier for crawlers to collect this page (helping the CVEs to be findable)

We can start with the JS, but I would like to get @chalin's perspective when he's back

Reviewer: Yes, let's do build-time fetch of the data if y'all agree!

Author: How often is the site rebuilt? If we do this, should I remove the text about the list being updated daily?

Reviewer: As @svrnm suggested, let's go with the dynamic update for now. We can revisit the page in 2024 :).
